♪ music ♪
NINA MARTIN?
YES! THAT'S ME!
AH, YOU'RE AMERICAN THEN?
YEAH HOW'D YOU KNOW?
WAS IT THE ACCENT?
NO. IT WAS THE BIG AMERICAN FLAG
ON YOUR SUITCASE.
OH, RIGHT, WELL.
I GUESS THAT'S A LITTLE
OBVIOUS...
NOT THE BEST WAY TO BLEND IN...
THERE YOU GO.
JUMP IN LOVE.
LOVE?
I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M ACTUALLY
GOING TO BOARDING SCHOOL.
I'M SO EXCITED! I FEEL LIKE
HARRY POTTER.
(phone beeps)
IS THAT YOUR PARENTS CHECKING UP
ON YOU?
IT'S MY GRAN.
I THINK SHE MISSES ME ALREADY.
MY GRAN BROUGHT ME UP. I'VE....
I'VE NEVER BEEN AWAY
FROM HOME BEFORE.
YOU GETTING COLD FEET?
WANT ME TO TURN THIS CAB AROUND?
NO WAY! I'M FINALLY HERE.
I'M OFF TO MY NEW SCHOOL.
I'M PSYCHED. NATURALLY.
NATURALLY.
AND I GUESS I AM A LITTLE
SCARED.
THE LAST TIME I FELT LIKE THIS,
I THREW UP ON MY KINDERGARTEN
TEACHER.
NAH, THAT'LL JUST BE MY DRIVING.
OK NINA. WE'RE HERE.
OH WOW...
IT'S A BIG PLACE.
WHERE DO YOU NEED TO BE?
UM, IT SAYS HERE I'M IN THE
"HOUSE OF ANUBIS"..?
(crow caws)
MOVE BACK A BIT MORE.
HURRY UP.
OH COME ON. ALL RIGHT.
THAT'S IT...
AAGH!
OH HEY, CAREFUL!
THAT'S MY NEW PROFILE PHOTO.
THE THEORY OF COMPUTATIONAL
INTELLIGENCE?
A BIT OF LIGHT READING?
JOY, JUST BECAUSE IT DOESN'T
HAVE ROBERT PATTINSON ON THE
COVER,
DOESN'T MEAN IT'S NOT
WORTH READING.
I'LL TAKE YOUR CASE ROUND.
WOW WELCOME TO HOGWARTS.
HEY, WAIT UP!
OH!
I'M SO SORRY!
WHO'S THE AMERICAN?
THANK YOU.
CHEERIO.
HELLO?
HEY JOY, LOOK WHAT CAME THIS
MORNING...
YES!! BFF BOX-SET MARATHON
TONIGHT?
YEAH, YOU'RE ON.
SO, I'VE GOT THE PERFECT PLAN
FOR MAKING AMBER NOTICE ME YEAH?
HANG ON ALFIE.
I TOLD YOU THIS WOULD
COST YOU A TENNER,
NOW DO YOU WANT THIS HOMEWORK
OR NOT? THANK YOU.
SUCKER.
SHAKE HANDS.
HA HA HA SUBTLE.
WHY WOULD ANYONE WANT
TO BE SUBTLE?
JEROME?
ISN'T THE BELL WORKING?...HMM?
NO. I MEAN, UM,
I DON'T KNOW. I MEAN THE DOOR
WAS OPEN SO I JUST...
SO YOU THOUGHT YOU'D JUST WALK
STRAIGHT IN?
THAT'S KIND OF HOW WE DEAL WITH
DOORS IN AMERICA.
UM, HI. I'M NINA MARTIN...
YOU'RE LATE.
TWO WEEKS LATE.
I KNOW, I'M SORRY.
BUT WE DIDN'T FIND OUT ABOUT THE
SCHOLARSHIP UNTIL....
I'M NOT INTERESTED IN THE REASON
WHY YOU'RE LATE.
VICTOR RODENMAAR,
I HOPE YOU'RE GIVING OUR NEW
GIRL YOUR WARMEST OF WELCOMES.
WELL AS WARM AS HE GETS, ANYWAY.
HELLO SWEETIE, I'M TRUDY REHMAN
- YOUR HOUSE-MOTHER.
WELCOME TO ANUBIS HOUSE.
IT'S ONLY SLIGHTLY SPOOKIER THAN
THE BROCHURE...
SO, THIS AFTERNOON,
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE, AS
PROMISED,
A PRACTICE EXAM.
BUT DADDY, YOU HAVE TO EXTEND MY
CREDIT LIMIT.
PHONE OFF AMBER.
BUT I'VE SEEN A PAIR OF REALLY
IMPORTANT SHOES.
DAD, I HAVE TO GO, I'M IN
SCHOOL!
MICK, YOU'RE BACK!!!
SORRY I'M LATE.
YOU MIGHT HAVE CHANGED FIRST.
JUST TRY NOT TO PERSPIRE ALL
OVER THE PAPER.
COULD HE BE ANY HOTTER..?
THE ANUBIS ESTATE WAS
ORIGINALLY BUILT IN 1890.
ALTHOUGH IT WASN'T ACTUALLY
NAMED ANUBIS UNTIL 1922.
OHHH! OH, SHE DOESN'T CARE ABOUT
ALL THAT BORINGNESS, VICTOR.
SHE'S A TEENAGER,
IT'S ALL ABOUT HORMONES
AND VAMPIRES.
NOW, THIS IS THE LIVING ROOM
THROUGH HERE SWEETIE.
EVERYTHING'S SO OLD
AND BEAUTIFUL.
THIS HOUSE MUST HAVE A
TON OF STORIES.
NOW, THIS IS WHERE I SERVE
BREAKFAST AND EVENING MEALS.
DELICIOUS.
♪spooky music♪
MR AND MRS FROBISHER SMYTHE,
THE ORIGINAL INHABITANTS.
THEY DIED IN A VERY
TRAGIC ACCIDENT.
HA HA HA. ALWAYS UPBEAT!
RIGHT, SHALL I SHOW YOU
WHERE YOU'RE SLEEPING?
IS IT READY?
OH YES. THEY'VE CLEARED IT.
VERY WELL, FOLLOW ME
PLEASE MISS MARTIN.
OH AND WHO ARE THESE?
OH, WELL THIS ONE ON
THE FAR LEFT...
WHEN YOU ARE QUITE READY...
YOU ARE LUCKY TO BE IN
THIS HOUSE YOU KNOW.
IT'S THE NICEST ONE -
DESPITE MR. LOVEABLE.
BOYS' ROOMS DOWNSTAIRS.
WE DON'T WANT ANYONE WANDERING
AROUND AFTER 9 O'CLOCK
AND ALL LIGHTS MUST BE
OUT BY 10.
THIS IS MY ROOM,
WHICH, NEEDLESS TO SAY IS
STRICTLY OUT OF BOUNDS.
WHAT'S UP THERE?
THAT'S THE ATTIC.
GOING UP INTO THE ATTIC
OR DOWN INTO THE CELLAR IS
STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.
IS THAT UNDERSTOOD?
CRYSTAL CLEAR.
THIS IS YOUR ROOM IN HERE.
RIGHT, YOU HAVE EXACTLY ONE HOUR
TO COMPLETE THE PAPER.
THE TIME IS SIX MINUTES
PAST TWO.
MRS. A?
YES ALFIE?
NOSE-BLEED. IT'S A GUSHER.
INFIRMARY QUICKLY. COME ON.
(everybody laughs)
FESTINE LENTE BOY.
MORE HASTE LESS SPEED.
SORRY TO INTERRUPT MRS ANDREWS.
JOY, THERE'S SOMEONE TO
SEE YOU IN MY OFFICE.
WHO'S THAT?
OH THAT'S JOY.
JOY HAS LEFT.
RATHER SUDDENLY AND UNEXPECTEDLY
IF I MAY SAY SO.
YOU MAY NOT.
YOUR TRUNKS HAVE ARRIVED.
I SHALL LEAVE YOU TO UNPACK.
IS IT DONE? GOOD.
HER FRIENDS WON'T BE A PROBLEM.
WE SHALL MAKE SURE OF THAT,
SHAN'T WE CORBIERE?
GET OFF! ALFIE!
HAVE YOU GUYS
SEEN JOY?
RARARARA... RARARA.
YEAH, SHE'S ABOUT THIS
TALL, DARK HAIR.
HA, HA. NO, I'VE JUST BEEN
TO SWEETIE'S OFFICE AND SHE'S
NOT THERE.
MAYBE SHE'S GONE BACK
TO THE HOUSE?
YEAH.
DON'T. STOP IT.
JOY? I'VE BEEN...
WHO ARE YOU?
I'M NINA.
GOOD TO MEET YOU.
I'M NEW. AMERICAN, OBVIOUSLY.
WHO CARES?
WHERE ARE JOY'S THINGS?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
DID YOU DO THIS?
NO. I JUST GOT HERE.
YOU LITTLE...
PLEASE STOP! VICTOR TOLD ME
THAT JOY HAD LEFT!
WITHOUT THIS?
THIS IS HER PHONE.
DID YOU STEAL IT?
NOT A GREAT STRATEGY FOR
MAKING FRIENDS.
SHOW UP AND STEAL STUFF?
AND THIS IS JOY'S AS WELL!
HEY! PUT THAT DOWN. I MEAN IT,
YOU CAN'T TAKE THAT.
I DON'T KNOW WHO YOU ARE OR
WHERE YOU'VE COME FROM,
BUT YOU ARE NOT MY ROOMMATE!
JOY IS.
NOW WHERE IS SHE?
WHERE'S JOY?
OK, CAN WE START OVER?
I'M NINA, FROM AMERICA.
AND UNLESS JOY'S HIDING
UNDER THE BED,
I DON'T KNOW WHERE SHE IS.
THE ROOM WAS EMPTY WHEN
I GOT HERE.
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
OK I'M SURE WE CAN DISCUSS
THIS IN A MUCH...
PATRICIA WILLIAMSON,
WHAT IS GOING ON?
THAT'S WHAT I'D LIKE TO KNOW.
WHERE'S JOY?
JOY HAS LEFT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, SHE'S LEFT?
HER PARENTS CAME TO SCHOOL THIS
AFTERNOON AND REMOVED HER.
BUT...THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE.
WHY WOULD THEY DO THAT?
I HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA.
JOY WOULD NEVER LEAVE WITHOUT
SAYING GOODBYE.
OR WITHOUT HER PHONE
OR "BUNZY BUN."
GIVE THEM TO ME.
I'LL FORWARD THEM ON TO HER...
GIVE.
NOW CLEAR THIS STUFF BACK
INTO THE ROOM.
NO WAY.
I'M GOING TO PHONE JOY AND FIND
OUT WHAT'S GOING ON.
PATRICIA. COME BACK HERE.
SUPPER WILL BE READY IN TEN
MINUTES.
I CAN'T BELIEVE NO-ONE'S GOT
JOY'S HOME NUMBER.
THAT'S BECAUSE THIS
IS HER HOME.
JUST CALL HER PHONE.
AMBER, KEEP UP. I TOLD YOU.
SHE LEFT HER PHONE BEHIND.
SO, TEXT HER...?
STUPIDITY LEAK!
SO THEY'VE ALREADY GOT SOMEONE
ELSE IN HER BED?
YEAH. IT'S THAT GIRL WE
SAW IN THE TAXI.
SHE'S AMERICAN AND SHE'S LIKE
TOTALLY OBSESSED WITH IT.
SHE'S SAID IT LIKE A
HUNDRED TIMES.
AND JOY'S JUST GONE?
THAT REALLY IS WEIRD.
MAYBE JOY'S BEEN ABDUCTED BY
ALIENS AND THIS NEW GIRL'S
ONE OF THEM.
YEAH! MAYBE THE NEW GIRL
IS AN ALIEN IN A FLESH SUIT.
WE WERE PLANNING A BOX SET
MARATHON TONIGHT.
YOU KNOW JOY'S ROM-COM
OBSESSION.
HOW CAN SHE HAVE GONE
JUST LIKE THAT?
PATRICIA YOU'VE DISAPPEARED MORE
THAN ENOUGH TIMES.
SHE WOULD'VE CALLED ME THOUGH.
(everyone talking at once)
HI,
I'M NINA. I'M FROM AMERICA.
HEY.
WELCOME SPACE GIRL
OR BLURP BLEEP BLOP AS THEY SAY
IN YOUR LANGUAGE.
SUPPER'S READY.
OH AMBER.
THAT'S MY SEAT.
OH, I'M SORRY.
DO YOU WANT TO...?
WHERE'S MICK?
UM, I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHO YOU ARE SO...
YOU HEARD WHAT AMBER SAID,
THAT'S HER SEAT.
YEAH, BUT SHE'S NOT
HERE RIGHT NOW.
THAT'S YOUR WAY
ISN'T IT?
SOMEONE'S GONE FOR FIVE SECONDS
AND YOU'VE ALREADY MOVED IN.
PATRICIA IS HEAD OF THE
WELCOMING COMMITTEE.
TAKE NO NOTICE, JUST SIT WHERE
EVER YOU LIKE.
(knocking) MICK? MICK!
YEAH?
SERIOUSLY, DON'T DO THAT I
ALMOST HAD A HEART ATTACK.
SORRY BABES.
I WENT INTO SUPPER BUT I WAS
LONELY WITHOUT YOU.
I JUST WENT OUT
FOR A RUN.
I GATHERED.
WHY DIDN'T YOU KNOCK ON MY DOOR,
I WOULD HAVE COME WITH YOU?
HA HA HA.
WHAT? BECAUSE OF LAST TIME?
THAT'S BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T WARN
ME ABOUT THE SWEATING.
THIS TIME I'LL KNOW.
SORRY BABES,
I HAVE TO SHOWER.
I'LL CATCH YOU LATER OKAY.
STOP IT ALFIE,
THAT'S DISGUSTING,
AND YOU'RE PROBABLY GOING TO
CHOKE ON IT.
BUT IT'S DELICIOUS THIS WAY.
ALFIE, DON'T PLAY WITH YOUR
FOOD. HA HA HA HA.
ALFIE! AH!!
REALLY GUYS? EVERY MEAL?
OOPS, SORRY!
AHHH!
CLASSY PATRICIA.
WHAT? IT WAS AN ACCIDENT.
ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH. EXCEPT I THINK MY SWEATER
IS SHRINKING TO MY BODY AS
WE SPEAK.
SO NINA. WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO
TELL US WHAT YOU KNOW ABOUT
JOY'S DISAPPEARANCE?
I GUESS WHEN I ACTUALLY
KNOW SOMETHING.
OH COME ON. ONE MINUTE I'M
SITTING NEXT TO JOY IN CLASS
AND THE NEXT SHE'S DISAPPEARED
AND YOU'VE TAKEN HER PLACE.
BIT OF A COINCIDENCE DON'T
YOU THINK?
I GUESS IT IS.
MAYBE SHE'S SNATCHED HER
AND LOCKED HER IN THE CELLAR.
WHOOOOOH!
SHUT UP ALFIE!
WELL?
I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT
JOY OR HER DISAPPEARANCE.
I'LL GET IT OUT OF
YOU...EVENTUALLY.
NINA, PHONE-CALL FOR YOU.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
NOTHING.
JUST NINA SPILLED WATER
EVERYWHERE.
HOW'S HARRY POTTER LAND?
GRAN.
SO GO ON. TELL ME ALL.
WHAT'S IT LIKE?
IT'S...
IT'S GREAT. IT'S JUST HOW I
THOUGHT IT WOULD BE.
MADE SOME NEW FRIENDS YET?
YEAH, SO MANY.
LIKE, SO MANY.
I KNEW YOU WOULD.
ARE YOU OK?
YOU KNOW, GRAN...
WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE OF SUPPER,
WHICH MEANS DINNER SO UM...
YES, YES. YOU GO.
DON'T LET ME STOP YOU.
I'LL CALL YOU SOON, OK?
ONLY IF YOU'VE GOT TIME.
GET SOME SLEEP HONEY! BYE.
IS EVERYTHING OK?
OH YEAH, YEAH, IT'S JUST
ALLERGIES.
YOU GUYS HAVE CATS RIGHT?
NO.
UM, MUST JUST BE THIS SOGGY
SWEATER THEN.
MARA, DO YOU THINK MICK
IS OVER ME?
NO. I'M SURE HE'S NOT.
IT'S PROBABLY JUST YOUR
BIOLOGICAL IMPULSE TRIGGERING
YOUR INSECURITY.
OKAY, WHATEVER THAT MEANS.
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK OF
THE NEW CHICK THEN?
I THINK THE NEW GIRL
LOOKS NICE.
OH REALLY?
NO... I MEANT SHE
SEEMS NICE.
COURSE YOU DID.
(knocking)
WHAT?
CAN I HAVE JOY'S HOME
TELEPHONE NUMBER?
NO.
OKAY, I'M SORRY.
CAN I "PLEASE" HAVE
HER NUMBER?
NO. IT IS AGAINST SCHOOL RULES
TO DISCLOSE PERSONAL DETAILS.
BUT I REALLY
WANT...
NO!
BUT I JUST WANT TO
CALL HER.
NO. NOW GO AWAY.
YOU WILL SEND THOSE BACK TO HER
TOMORROW THOUGH WON'T YOU?
YES.
FIRST CLASS?
I HAVE TOLD YOU. YES!
NOW FOR HEAVEN'S SAKE PLEASE
LEAVE ME IN PEACE.
MOSTLY A'S - YOU'RE THE SHY,
RETIRING TYPE.
THAT'S HILARIOUS,
JUST SO WRONG!
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT CREEP WON'T
GIVE ME JOY'S HOME NUMBER.
AT LEAST SHE SHOULD GET HER
STUFF BACK THE DAY AFTER
TOMORROW.
THAT'S GOOD. YOU'LL BE ABLE TO
RING HER THEN.
I KNOW YOU'VE GOT SOMETHING TO
DO WITH THIS NEWBIE.
AND I'M GONNA FIND OUT
WHAT IT IS!
SO YOU'VE MENTIONED.
TEN TIMES...
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
NOTHING.
(banging)
MICK, I'VE ONLY GOT ONE EYE ON!
I LIKE THE PANDA LOOK.
AWW! THANKS BUBS.
AND IT'S SWEET OF YOU TO COME
AND SEE ME.
ACTUALLY IT'S...
MARA I'VE COME TO SEE.
ME, MARA?
YEAH, I WAS KIND OF...STRUGGLING
ON THAT BIOLOGY ASSIGNMENT.
AND I WONDERED, SINCE, YOU'RE
THE BIOLOGY BABE,
WHETHER YOU COULD...
HELP ME OUT?
ERM... YEAH. SURE. WHY NOT?
A FRIEND IN NEED...
TOMORROW EVENING?
IT'S A DATE.
IN A MANNER OF SPEAKING.
YEAH.
CATCH YOU LATER BABE.
WHAT? YOU WANT HIM TO FAIL
BIOLOGY?
PROBABLY NOT.
BUT WHY DOESN'T HE ASK ME TO
HELP HIM WITH HIS HOMEWORK?
OK, BUT I DON'T LIKE HIM
ASKING ANOTHER GIRL. EVEN WHEN
IT'S YOU.
AMBER, RELAX, HE ONLY WANTS ME
FOR MY BRAINS.
AND YOU - YOU'RE TEXTBOOK
GORGEOUS.
HE'S CRAZY ABOUT YOU.
YEAH YOU'RE RIGHT. AS USUAL.
AFTER ALL, WHAT'S NOT TO LIKE..?
IT'S TEN O'CLOCK
YOU SHOULD BE DOWNSTAIRS BY NOW.
GOING. GOING.
YOU HAVE FIVE MINUTES PRECISELY
AND THEN I WANT TO
HEAR A PIN DROP.
I CAN STILL HEAR SOMETHING!
WHAT? WE'VE STILL GOT FOUR
MINUTES!
THREE MINUTES.
OK CAPTAIN CURFEW,
I'M GOING AS FAST AS I CA.
MARA, COME QUICK.
WHAT IS IT?
JOY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
CLEANING THE MIRROR?
DIDN'T YOU SEE WHAT WAS ON IT?
STEAM.
SHE'S WIPED IT OFF.
WHAT DID IT SAY?
'HELP ME! JOY.'
AND SHE'S WIPED IT OFF SO NOW IT
LOOKS LIKE I'M GOING CRAZY!
TAKE IT EASY PATRICIA.
THIS IS WHAT SHE WANTED.
SHE'S INVOLVED, I'M TELLING YOU.
I DIDN'T SEE ANYTHING WHEN I
WIPED THE STEAM OFF THE MIRROR.
EXCEPT FOR MYSELF. I SWEAR.
WHY ARE YOU GIRLS
NOT IN YOUR ROOMS?
YOU KNOW THE RULES.
I DON'T WANT TO SHARE
WITH HER.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'LL MOVE!
HALF MY STUFF IS IN A PILE ON
THE FLOOR ANYWAY.
OR I CAN JUST SLEEP ON THE
COUCH..?
NOBODY IS MOVING ANYWHERE!
GET TO YOUR ROOMS
IMMEDIATELY.
JOY DEFINITELY WOULD HAVE CALLED
ME BY NOW!
I'M TELLING YOU, SOMETHING HAS
HAPPENED TO HER.
PATRICIA GIVE IT A BREAK, YOU'RE
DRIVING ME CRAZY.
JEROME. SOME OF US ARE WORRIED
ABOUT JOY EVEN IF YOU'RE NOT.
DID YOU GET ANY RESPONSE TO THAT
EMAIL YOU SENT HER LAST NIGHT?
NO.
IT'S DIFFICULT TO KNOW
WHAT ELSE WE CAN DO.
QUESTION THE NEWBIE,
THAT'S WHAT.
SHE HAS NOTHING TO DO
WITH THIS PATRICIA.
SHE JUST HAS REALLY
BAD TIMING.
WHAT ABOUT LAST NIGHT?
THAT BUSINESS WITH THE MIRROR?
(Jerome laughs)
WHAT? YOU DON'T BELIEVE I SAW
ANYTHING DO YOU?
YES WE DO! IT'S JUST...
MICK SAW ALFIE HANGING OUT ON
OUR CORRIDOR LAST NIGHT.
NOT EVEN ALFIE WOULD HAVE
THE NERVE TO SNEAK INTO THE
BATHROOM,
AND DO SOMETHING LIKE THAT!
ARE WE TALKING ABOUT
THE SAME ALFIE?
SO WHO DO YOU THINK DID
WRITE IT THEN... JOY?
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE...MAYBE NINA WROTE IT TO
DRIVE ME CRAZY.
WHERE IS SHE ANYWAY?
GONE INTO SCHOOL EARLY I THINK.
OH, SO SHE'S A GEEK AS WELL AS
EVERYTHING ELSE IS SHE?
I THINK IT'S PROBABLY MORE ABOUT
GETTING AWAY FROM US.
I MEAN, WE'VE HARDLY BEEN
VERY WELCOMING.
I KNOW. I WAS THINKING
THAT TOO.
I FEEL A BIT MEAN.
OHH!
SORRY...ARE YOU OK?
THAT'S MY HOUSE.
ERR... I DON'T THINK SO.
IT'S A SCHOOL.
THAT'S MY HOUSE.
OK, IT'S YOUR HOUSE.
IT KIND OF SUITS YOU.
MAYBE YOU CAN TELL ME WHERE YOU
REALLY LIVE AND I COULD TAKE YOU
BACK.
OH, HERE. YOU'LL GET COLD...
IT'S YOU ISN'T IT?
I KNEW YOU'D COME.
I'M SORRY, I DON'T KNOW....
SARAH, SARAH.
MY NAME IS SARAH.
OKAY SARAH...
WHY DON'T YOU COME INSIDE
FOR A CUP OF COFFEE?
I CAN'T GO IN THERE.
HE'S WAITING.
HE'S ALWAYS WAITING.
ALL RIGHT THEN, UM, WHY DON'T
YOU JUST WAIT HERE,
AND I'LL GO AND BRING
SOMEONE BACK.
OKAY?
ARE YOU COMING BACK?
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
JUST...DON'T MOVE.
AAGH! STOP IT, PATRICIA.
THAT HURTS.
I NEED THE TRUTH.
DID YOU OR DID YOU NOT SNEAK
INTO THE BATHROOM LAST NIGHT
WHILE I WAS SHOWERING AND WRITE
ON THE MIRROR?
OW! NO!
YOU SWEAR?
OW! YES. I SWEAR.
ON SPROCKET'S LIFE.
WHO?
SPROCKET. MY DOG.
I SWEAR ON HIS LIFE I DIDN'T DO
IT.
PATRICIA? MAYBE YOU JUST NEED TO
ACCEPT THE INEVITABLE.
WHAT'S THAT?
SOMETHING SINISTER'S HAPPENED
TO JOY AND SHE'S TRYING TO
CONTACT YOU.
HA HA HA.
WHOOOOOOOH!
I DID NOT KNOW YOU HAD A DOG.
NOPE. ALLERGIC.
(they laugh)
IT'S NOT LIKE YOU TO
GO WANDERING EMILY.
EMILY?
SHE'S RATHER CONFUSED,
AS YOU'VE PROBABLY REALISED.
BUT SHE'S NOT NORMALLY A
SPRINTER.
THAT'S ANUBIS HOUSE.
SHE SAID SHE USED TO LIVE THERE.
I DON'T THINK SO,
ALTHOUGH WITH SOME OF THESE OLD
DEARS, YOU NEVER KNOW.
TRUTH IS, WE KNOW VERY LITTLE
ABOUT EMILY'S BACKGROUND.
(loudly) ISN'T THAT RIGHT EMILY?
THERE'S NO NEED TO SHOUT.
I'M NOT DEAF YOU KNOW.
HEY! WANT TO WALK OVER TO
CLASS TOGETHER?
SURE. OH, BY THE WAY,
I FORGOT TO GIVE YOU THIS
YESTERDAY.
A HALF CHEWED BANANA? WOW.
NO...THIS.
OH MICK. I LOVE IT!
WHAT IS IT?
OPEN IT AND SEE.
I BOUGHT IT WHILE I WAS AWAY.
IT'S NOT MUCH.
OH MICK. IT'S SO ME!
YOU KNOW HOW I LOVE THINGS
ON MY WRISTS.
HI MICK I WAS...
SORRY, AM I DISTURBING
SOMETHING?
YES.
NO.
OK! I WAS JUST...
WONDERING WHAT TIME YOU
WANTED TO WORK ON THAT BIOLOGY
ASSIGNMENT?
I CAN HELP YOU WITH THAT IF
YOU LIKE MICK?
HA HA HA HA.
IT'S NOT THAT FUNNY.
AW YOU KNOCK ME OUT BABE.
SIX O'CLOCK?
FINE WITH ME.
WE WERE JUST HEADING
OVER TO CLASS.
DO YOU WANT TO COME WITH
US MARA-CULOUS?
(whispers) MARA-CULOUS?
(knocking)
COME.
YES PATRICIA?
I NEED TO KNOW WHAT'S
HAPPENED TO JOY.
NOTHING HAS HAPPENED TO JOY.
HER PARENTS DECIDED TO REMOVE
HER FROM THE SCHOOL
THAT'S ALL.
WHEN YOU CAME INTO OUR
CLASS YESTERDAY
YOU SAID "SOMEONE IS HERE
TO SEE YOU".
YES, THAT'S RIGHT.
WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY
"YOUR PARENTS ARE HERE
TO SEE YOU"?
WHAT?
UNLESS IT WASN'T HER PARENTS.
NOW YOU'RE JUST BEING SILLY.
AND WHY DID SHE LEAVE
HER PHONE BEHIND?
AND WHY HASN'T SHE CALLED ME?
AND WHY WOULDN'T HER PARENTS
TELL JOY THEY...?
PATRICIA, CALM DOWN.
I'M SURE JOY WILL GET IN
TOUCH IN HER OWN TIME.
AND IF SHE DOESN'T, PERHAPS IT
MEANS, SHE DOESN'T WANT TO.
THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE.
TEMPUS FUGIT PATRICIA.
TIME MARCHES ON AND I HAVE A
STAFF MEETING TO PREPARE FOR.
EXCUSE ME.
THANK YOU PATRICIA.
BUT...
THANK YOU. AND GOODBYE.
BYE PATRICIA.
OK. GROUND RULES.
YOU HELP MICK WITH ONE
BIOLOGY ASSIGNMENT AND THEN
THAT'S IT. OK?
OK. IT'S NOT LIKE I
BEGGED TO TUTOR HIM.
MARA. AMBER.
HERE. QUICK.
LOOK AT THIS.
I KNOW, DON'T RUB IT IN.
BAD HAIR DAY.
FORGET YOUR HAIR AMBER.
WHERE'S JOY?
DIDN'T SHE GO HOME WITH HER
PARENTS YESTERDAY?
HERE! ON THIS PHOTO.
HMM. SHE'S NOT THERE.
EXACTLY.
WASN'T SHE AWAY THAT DAY?
WITH TONSILLITIS
OR SOMETHING?
NO. SHE WAS STANDING RIGHT HERE
NEXT TO ME WHEN THAT WAS TAKEN.
HOW CAN YOU BE SO SURE?
IT WAS NEARLY 18 MONTHS
AGO PATRICIA.
SHE WAS THERE THAT DAY.
I KNOW SHE WAS.
THERE THAT'S BETTER
ISN'T IT EMILY?
NO.
NOW, YOU GOT TIME FOR A CUP
OF TEA OR SOMETHING BEFORE
YOU GET BACK?
I DOUBT ANYONE'S MISSING ME.
THANKS. THAT WOULD BE NICE.
I'VE BEEN WAITING SO LONG.
KEEPING THE SECRET.
NOW IT'S YOUR TURN.
QUICK. TAKE THIS.
BUT KEEP IT WELL HIDDEN,
OR THEY'LL TAKE IT
AWAY FROM YOU.
THEY TAKE EVERYTHING AWAY
FROM YOU IN THE END.
OH. I COULDN'T
POSSIBLY TAKE...
BUT YOU MUST. IT WILL
KEEP YOU SAFE.
THERE'S TREASURE HIDDEN IN
THAT HOUSE.
AND ONLY YOU HAVE THE POWER TO
FIND AND PROTECT IT.
BUT YOU MUST BE CAREFUL.
THERE'S DANGER IN THAT
HOUSE. EVIL.
IT'S A BAD HOUSE.
A DARK HOUSE.
EVIL? SPOOKY, YES,
BUT I DON'T KNOW ABOUT EVIL.
EMILY, I DON'T THINK..
SARAH.
MY NAME IS SARAH.
AND I KNOW YOU.
I'M SORRY.
I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO MISS
THE PLACE YOU COME FROM.
AND YOU KNOW ME NINA....
HOW DO YOU KNOW MY NAME....?
BUT YOU MUST BEWARE THE
BLACK BIRD.
DO YOU HEAR ME?
BEWARE THE BLACK BIRD!!
(echoed) IT'S EVIL. EVIL.
WATCH OUT FOR THE BIRD THOUGH.
WATCH OUT FOR THE BLACK BIRD.
BUT YOU HAVE THE POWER.
WATCH OUT FOR THE BIRD.
(echoed) STOP IT! STOP IT!
CAW, CAW, CAW!
BEWARE THE BLACK BIRDS.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
NOTHING.YOU WOKE ME UP.
"BEWARE THE BLACK BIRD!"
HA HA HA.
AW ARE YOU SCARED?
ARE YOU GOING TO SLEEP WITH THE
LIGHT ON NEWBIE?
I WISH I COULD HAVE SEEN HER
FACE WHEN SHE WOKE UP JUST
COVERED IN FEATHERS.
WAS IT LIKE THIS?
HA HA HA HA
HEY GUYS,
I'VE GOT AN IDEA THAT REALLY
WILL GIVE HER NIGHTMARES.
OH YEAH. WHAT'S THAT?
SSSH!
SLEEP WELL NINA? CAW! CAW!
IGNORE THEM.
I AM.
SO WHAT WAS THIS
DREAM ANYWAY?
IT WAS AWFUL.
I KNOW THEY'RE MAKING JOKES,
BUT IT FELT SO REAL.
IT FELT... EVIL.
ANYONE SEEN MARA?
SHE'S GOT MY HAIR STRAIGHTENERS.
YEAH, SHE'S WITH MICK
IN OUR ROOM.
WHAT?!
OH-OH. GREEN-EYED
MONSTER ALERT.
I'M NOT JEALOUS.
WHY WOULD I BE
JEALOUS?
WHAT'S THERE TO BE JEALOUS OF?
SHE'S...HELPING HIM WITH
HOMEWORK THAT'S ALL.
YEAH. I KNOW ALL ABOUT THAT.
AND IT'S COOL.
I WOULD HELP HIM, BUT I'M
JUST SO BUSY.
I SEE YOU HAVEN'T SNEAKED OUT AT
THE CRACK OF DAWN TODAY?
WOW, EVERYONE REALLY DOES KEEP
TABS ON EVERYONE ELSE AROUND
HERE DON'T THEY?
FABIAN SAID YOU'D GONE
INTO SCHOOL EARLY
BUT THEN YOU DIDN'T TURN
UP AT FIRST CLASS?
NINA WAS HELPING AN OLD LADY
ACCROSS THE ROAD.
LITERALLY.
WE HAD A SURPRISE VISITOR FROM
THE OLD PEOPLE'S HOME.
I'M NOT VERY GOOD
WITH OLD PEOPLE.
THEY'RE ALL SO...
OLD AREN'T THEY?
REALLY?
STILL, YOU MUST BE USED TO IT.
TRUDY SAID YOUR GRAN
BROUGHT YOU UP.
SHE DID, YEAH.
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR
MUM AND DAD?
OH, AMBER, QUEEN OF TACT.
THEY DIED IN A CAR
ACCIDENT.
OH THAT'S AWFUL.
IT WAS A LONG TIME AGO. MY GRAN
AND I ARE REALLY CLOSE.
SO HOW COME SHE'S PACKED YOU OFF
TO A BIG BAD BOARDING SCHOOL
MILES AWAY FROM HOME THEN?
SOUNDS TO ME LIKE SHE WANTED TO
GET RID......
PATRICIA, DON'T BE
SUCH A WITCH.
I KNOW YOU'RE UPSET ABOUT JOY
BUT THERE'S NO NEED TO BE TAKING
ALL OF THIS OUT ON NINA.
YEAH, WELL, EVERYONE SEEMS TO
HAVE FORGOTTEN ALL ABOUT JOY,
EXCEPT ME!
HI!
WHAT'S WRONG?
I'M FED UP OF YOU
HANGING OUT WITH MICK,
THAT'S WHAT'S WRONG!
THEN TALK TO HIM ABOUT IT.
HE'S THE ONE WHO KEEPS
ASKING FOR HELP.
... "WITH HIS HOMEWORK"
YEAH, I KNOW.
BUT YOU WERE HELPING HIM
ALL LAST NIGHT,
AND NOW I FIND OUT YOU'VE BEEN
BUDDY-STUDYING WITH HIM AGAIN
THIS MORNING.
I KNOW YOU FANCY HIM MARA.
I DO NOT!
WHY? WHAT'S WRONG WITH HIM?
NOTHING'S WRONG WITH HIM.
I JUST...
EVERYONE FANCIES MICK.
WHAT MAKES YOU SO DIFFERENT?
HE'S GOING OUT WITH YOU...
SO I'M NOT INTERESTED.
BUT YOU MIGHT BE IF WE
WEREN'T GOING OUT?
THAT'S NOT WHAT I SAID.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW
DIFFICULT IT IS
BEING ONE HALF OF AN
ALPHA COUPLE MARA.
YOU'RE RIGHT, I DON'T.
I HAVE A LOT OF SYMPATHY FOR
VICTORIA BECKHAM.
YOUR BIOLOGY ASSIGNMENTS PLEASE.
AND NO EXCUSES THIS TIME.
NICE ONE.
YOU'RE SO MUCH CRAFTIER
THAN I THOUGHT.
AND I ALREADY KNEW YOU WERE A
SCHEMING GOTH-PIXIE.
HAHAHA.
HEY NINA!
I JUST WANTED TO
SAY...YOU KNOW...
SORRY ABOUT BREAKFAST.
THAT'S FINE.
A LITTLE TEASING HELPS THE TEA
AND TOAST GO DOWN.
OH AND THAT I THINK IT'S ABOUT
TIME WE WELCOMED YOU INTO SCHOOL
PROPERLY..
THE TRADITIONAL WAY.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING ON ABOUT?
ALFIE, WHY DON'T YOU TELL NINA
ABOUT THE INITIATION CEREMONY.
THE WHAT?
YEAH, EVERY NEW PERSON
WHO COMES TO THIS SCHOOL
HAS TO UNDERGO LIKE...AN
INITIATION CEREMONY.
SINCE WHEN?
SINCE FOREVER FABIAN!
WHAT ARE YOU...?
IT'S OK.
SOUNDS LIKE FUN.
WHAT DO I HAVE TO DO?
I BROUGHT YOU THOSE PHYSICS
NOTES I PROMISED.
AW THANKS MAR,
YOU'RE A STAR.
LISTEN, IF I WORK ON MY
ASSIGNMENT TONIGHT,
WILL YOU GO OVER IT WITH ME
TOMORROW LIKE YOU DID WITH
BIOLOGY?
I DON'T KNOW IF THAT'S
A GOOD IDEA.
SORRY. AM I ASKING FOR TOO MUCH?
NO, NO. IT'S NOT THAT.
I LIKE HELPING YOU.
IT'S JUST...I THINK AMBER'S
GETTING A BIT JEALOUS.
JEALOUS? OF YOU AND ME...
HA HA HA. THAT'S HYSTERICAL.
I KNOW. THAT WOULD BE TOTALLY
IMPROBABLE.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT SHE'S LIKE
AND I DON'T WANT TO CAUSE ANY
TROUBLE.
I'LL TALK TO HER.
OH NO, PLEASE DON'T,
YOU'LL JUST MAKE IT WORSE.
BUT YOU HAVE TO KEEP
HELPING ME MARA.
PLEASE. I NEED YOU.
PLEEEEAAAASSSE!
OK. JUST PLEASE STOP DOING THAT.
THANK-YOU.
HEY MARA!
I REALLY APPRECIATE THIS
YOU KNOW.
I KNOW.
JUST TO PROVE I'M NOT ALL
TAKE, TAKE, TAKE.
HERE HAVE THIS AS A LITTLE
THANK-YOU PRESENT?
OH THAT'S LOVELY.
IT'S A FRIENDSHIP
BRACELET ISN'T IT?
IS IT? WELL, OK, SURE,
BECAUSE...
...WE ARE FRIENDS.
SO... NINA'S INITIATION TAKES
PLACE TOMORROW NIGHT OKAY.
AT MIDNIGHT.
THE WITCHING HOUR.
OOOOHOOHAHAHA.
ALFIE. CUT IT OUT.
TELL ME, FABIAN.
DOES IT GET BORING ALWAYS,
ALWAYS BEING THE ONE WHO'S LIKE
"CUT IT OUT" OR "THAT'S
NOT RIGHT" OR "FUN IS BAD."?
NO.
YOU MUST BE MAD.
WHAT DOES SHE HAVE TO DO?
GO UP TO THE SPOOKY ATTIC
AND BRING SOMETHING BACK TO
PROVE SHE'S BEEN.
YOU'RE GOING UP
INTO THE ATTIC?
SURE. WHY NOT? I MEAN,
IT'S NOT LIKE IT'S...
TOTALLY HAUNTED.
REALLY?
YEAH, SHE'S RIGHT.
BY THE GHOSTS OF FORMER STUDENTS
WHO WENT UP THERE,
NEVER TO RETURN.
HA HA HA.
GETTING COLD FEET?
NOT AT ALL.
LET'S START TONIGHT.
CAN'T WAIT.
OH WE'VE GOT SOMETHING ELSE
PLANNED FOR YOU TONIGHT.
I CAN'T WAIT TO
HEAR THIS.
THE KEY.
SHE CAN'T GO UP INTO THE ATTIC
WITHOUT THE KEY.
SHE HAS TO STEAL IT FROM VICTOR.
SEE THE BUNCH OF KEYS ON THE
DESK NEXT TO VICTOR.
YEAH.
THOSE ARE THE MASTER KEYS.
HE CARRIES THEM WITH HIM
EVERYWHERE HE GOES.
SO YOU'LL NEVER GET THEM.
BUT THERE IS A KEY BOX ON THE
WALL JUST BESIDE HIM.
YEAH. HE KEEPS A SPARE SET OF
EVERY SINGLE KEY IN THERE.
WHAT ARE YOU LOT LOOKING AT?
HMM?
SIR, WE WERE JUST TRYING...
ADMIRING YOUR COAT.
IS IT VINTAGE?
YES, JUST AS I THOUGHT.
THIS FLOOR...IT COULD...
USE A POLISH.
HMMM. YES. IN THAT CASE,
PLEASE FEEL FREE TO
POLISH IT ALFIE.
NO... ER.
COME WITH ME.
I DIDN'T MEAN...
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
WHERE THE...
AMBER, I REALISE YOU'RE
INCREDIBLY BUSY,
BUT WE'RE BOTH ON
CHORES NOT JUST ME.
I HATE CHORES.
THE WASHING UP MAKES MY
FINGERTIPS GO ALL WRINKLY.
I KNOW. IF ONLY THERE WERE
SOME SORT OF GLOVE.
MADE OF RUBBER? THAT COULD
PROTECT YOUR HANDS FROM WATER?
WHERE DID YOU GET THAT?
WHY?
BECAUSE MY BOYFRIEND GAVE ME THE
EXACT SAME ONE THAT'S WHY!
OWWW!!! ALFIE! YOU'RE
SUCH A PAIN.
NINA MARTIN,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THIS HAD BETTER BE GOOD.
WHAT WERE YOU DOING IN HERE?
UM, I WAS...GETTING...
GETTING A CLOSER LOOK AT
CORBIERE.
I'M SORT OF AN AMATEUR
TAXIDERMIST...
GET OUT!
AND DON'T LET ME CATCH YOU IN MY
OFFICE EVER AGAIN.
LUCKY.
VERY LUCKY.
WELL, WE'LL SEE HOW LUCKY
SHE IS TOMORROW NIGHT
WHEN SHE GOES UP INTO THAT
ATTIC.
I THOUGHT YOU GAVE ME THIS
AS A TOKEN OF OUR LOVE.
I DID BABES, YEAH.
SO WHAT'S MARA'S
BRACELET A TOKEN OF..?
OH. THAT...THAT WAS JUST A
LITTLE THANK-YOU PRESENT...
HERE. YOU CAN HAVE
THIS ONE BACK.
IT'S NOT THE BEST
OF MOVES IS IT?
GIVING ANOTHER GIRL THE SAME
PRESENT AS YOUR GIRLFRIEND.
THE CALLS WERE GOING THROUGH
TO JOY'S VOICEMAIL
BUT NOW I'M JUST GETTING AN
UNOBTAINABLE SIGNAL.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IT JUST MEANS PATRICIA,
THAT SHE'S GOT FED UP OF YOU
BOMBARDING HER WITH MESSAGES
AND TEXTS
AND SHE'S CHANGED HER
PHONE CONTRACT.
NOT FUNNY JEROME!
ALL THE WORLD'S A STAGE,
AND THE MEN AND WOMEN
MERELY PLAYERS.
HEY. MY NAME IS JASON WINKLER
AND I'M YOUR NEW HISTORY
TEACHER.
I'LL ALSO BE TEACHING DRAMA.
YOU'RE MR FLEMING'S REPLACEMENT?
YEAH. THAT'S RIGHT.
WOW. I AM SO PLEASED HE
HAD A HEART ATTACK.
(everybody laughs)
SORRY. THAT DIDN'T COME
OUT RIGHT.
PRESSURE IS EXERTED ON PART OF A
CONFINED FLUID,
THAT PRESSURE WILL BE
TRANSMITTED UNDIMINISHED AND
EQUALLY IN ALL DIRECTIONS....
NOW THIS IS THE RESULT IF YOU
APPLY PASCAL'S LAW...
THAT'S NICE. DOES IT HAVE
A PHOTO INSIDE?
NO!
I'M SORRY. I WAS ONLY
MAKING CONVERSATION.
MR RUTTER,
FARI ARGENTUMS AURUM TACERE.
SILENCE IS GOLDEN.
MR. SWEET...?
YES PATRICIA?
I'VE BEEN MEANING TO ASK YOU
ABOUT THE SCHOOL PHOTO.
I FAIL TO SEE HOW THAT APPLIES
TO PASCAL'S LAW.
WHY HAS JOY BEEN ERASED
FROM THE PHOTO?
UH-OH...CRAZY CONSPIRACY
ALERT.
THAT IS A RIDICULOUS NOTION
PATRICIA.
JUST ONE MOMENT PLEASE.
I HAVE YOUR LAST
ASSIGNMENTS HERE.
SAVED BY THE BELL AS THEY SAY.
MICK, MICK, I'M NOT QUITE SURE
WHAT TO SAY ABOUT...THIS.
YES! AN A. A BIG, FAT A.
I'VE NEVER EVEN SEEN ONE
IN PERSON.
THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU!
IT'S ONLY AN A-MINUS, MICK.
GET A GRIP.
BUT...
FABIAN, WAIT.
I'M SORRY IF I ACTED
WEIRD BEFORE.
YOU'VE BEEN SO NICE TO ME AND IT
WAS KIND OF...
RUDE?
WELL, I WAS GOING TO SAY SNIPPY,
BUT YEAH, OK, RUDE WORKS TOO.
IT'S OK.
LOOK, YOU.RE NOT SERIOUSLY
GOING TO GO THROUGH WITH THIS
INITIATION NONSENSE ARE YOU?
YOU DON'T HAVE TO, YOU KNOW.
YEAH I DO.
I'LL NEVER LIVE IT DOWN IF THEY
THINK I'M SCARED.
YOU ARE TOUGHER THAN YOU LOOK.
ONLY IF YOU MEAN WILLING TO DO
ABSOLUTELY ANYTHING TO SURVIVE
IN THE DANGEROUS WORLD OF
ENGLISH BOARDING SCHOOLS.
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
(everyone laughing)
THANKS ALFIE! SOME OF US ARE
HERE TO LEARN...
EEEEEEEEEEEE
AND WHAT EXACTLY ARE YOU
SUPPOSED TO BE ALFIE?
A MOSQUITO IN A SPIN DRYER.
ISN'T IT OBVIOUS?
NOW SOMETHING A LITTLE
MORE SERIOUS...
SHAKESPEARE'S
"ROMEO AND JULIET."
TIMELESS. TRAGIC.
TEDIOUS.
SEE. I KNEW I WAS RIGHT. THERE'S
AN ARTICLE IN HERE THAT SAYS
IF YOUR BOYFRIEND ISN'T PAYING
YOU ENOUGH ATTENTION
YOU HAVE TO FLIRT WITH SOMEONE
ELSE TO MAKE HIM JEALOUS.
SWAP PLEASE AMBER.
DO I HAVE TO...SIR?
I DON'T THINK IT WAS VERY
WELL HANDLED,
THAT'S ALL I'M SAYING.
OH NONSENSE. THE KIDS HAVE
FORGOTTEN HER ALREADY.
YOU KNOW WHAT THEY'RE LIKE.
I HOPE YOU'RE RIGHT, DAPHNE.
YOU USUALLY ARE,
OF COURSE...
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THAT ERIC.
IT'S JUST...
JOY WAS SUCH A POPULAR GIRL
AND SHE AND PATRICIA
WERE THICK AS THIEVES.
AND SHE'S NOTICED
THE PHOTOGRAPH.
AH.
"O ROMEO, ROMEO! WHEREFORE
ART THOU ROMEO?
DENY THY FATHER AND REFUSE
THY NAME.
IF THOU WILT NOT, BE
BUT SWORN MY LOVE,
AND I'LL NO LONGER BE A
CAPULET."
"SHALL I HEAR MORE, OR SHALL I
SPEAK AT THIS?"
"TIS BUT THY NAME THAT
IS MY ENEMY;
THOU ART ...
THOU ART...TRULY THE YUMMIEST
BOY I'VE EVER SEEN ROMEO.
WHAT?
THAT'S NOT IN THE SCRIPT,
AMBER!
HA HA HA.
WOW.
(clock strikes midnight)
ARE YOU NINA MARTIN?
YES.
IS THERE ANYONE HERE WHO
CAN CONFIRM THIS?
ME?
ARE YOU FOR REAL?
SHH.
NINA MARTIN.
YOU ARE HERE TO PROVE YOU
ARE BRAVE ENOUGH TO LIVE AT
ANUBIS HOUSE.
SWEAR ON THE GRAVES OF ALL YOUR
ANCESTORS
THAT YOU WILL NEVER EVER TELL A
LIVING SOUL ABOUT TONIGHT.
I SWEAR.
WHERE'S MICK?
HE DIDN'T WANT TO COME.
TIRED OR SOMETHING.
SSSSH! OH SPIRITS OF
ANUBIS HOUSE,
GUIDE THE NEW GIRL ON HER
INITIATION QUEST
AND KEEP HER FROM HARM
IN THE HAUNTED ATTIC.
COME ON, THIS
IS RIDICULOUS.
SSH!
UNLOCK THE DOOR.
I JUST HAVE TO GO UP THERE AND
BRING SOMETHING BACK?
AND THEN I'M DONE?
I MEAN YOU GUYS DIDN'T BOOBY
TRAP THE PLACE OR ANYTHING,
DID YOU?
COURSE NOT. GO.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHAT DOES IT LOOK LIKE?
HEY! WHAT'S GOING ON?
LET ME OUT.
YOU HEARD HER.
LET HER OUT!
NOT UNTIL YOU TELL US WHAT YOU
KNOW ABOUT JOY'S DISAPPEARANCE.
I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING.
THEN, YOU'LL HAVE TO STAY IN
THERE TILL MORNING.
ALL RIGHT PATRICIA, YOU'VE HAD
YOUR FUN NOW PLEASE JUST UNLOCK
THE DOOR.
YEAH PATRICIA, THIS IS
GETTING SILLY.
WHOSE SIDE ARE YOU ON?
LAST CHANCE NEWBIE.
WHAT CAN YOU TELL ME ABOUT JOY.
NOTHING. I KNOW NOTHING!
YOU'RE NOT REALLY GOING TO LEAVE
HER IN THERE ALL NIGHT ARE YOU?
LET ME OUT!!
STOP BANGING.
HEY LET ME OUT! THERE'S
SOMETHING UP THERE.
OPEN THE DOOR!
THE ZOMBIES ARE COMING!
HURRY.
PATRICIA HURRY UP!
WHAT'S ALL THIS NOISE?
WHAT'S GOING ON? WHY ARE YOU ALL
OUT OF BED? HMM?
WERE YOU TRYING TO BREAK
THIS DOOR DOWN?
NO, WE...THOUGHT WE HEARD
MICE THAT'S ALL.
GET TO BED NOW.
BEFORE I PUT YOU ALL ON
DETENTION.